Hey, good morning family.
I'm excited to be with you all today.
I really truly am.
We want to start a new channel.
I feel in my heart—I have a lot of people that have wanted to sponsor and do things with this channel, but the Lord told me never allow people who were trying to sell a product to be on this channel.
Now, I thought about putting anointing oils and things like that because you asked for it—anything that has to do with the church, but nothing like t-shirts and things like that.
Does that make sense?
I've dedicated this channel to the Father so that He has an avenue to speak to His people, whether He wants to speak through me or if He gives me a word through somebody else—like those last two words that lined up with what He gave me prophetically already.
So, we've been praying, and my wife is really good at doing eBay.
We're starting a channel and just announcing it now.
If you want to follow it, fine.
If you don't, fine.
But we're going to be doing a channel.
It's a blog channel, an everyday channel, as much as my wife is able to because she homeschools the kids and stuff.
It's a lot of work homeschooling and doing all the things we do because we have a teenager, Braden.
The channel's name is Come Thrift with Me.
Our goal for 2024 is teaching people how to do a side hustle.
There's a lot of people I see who are struggling financially.
I'm not saying I have it all together, y'all, but I trust God and I believe for everything I have.
And He has provided a lot through Poshmark and through eBay.
He gives me places; He'll tell me where to go find the merchandise, the t-shirts, the shoes, or whatever.
I pray in the car.
I ask God, 'Show me where do we go today, Father,' and I'm going to do that.
I'm going to film it.
I want to show you all how I use the prophetic gifting that God's given me—seeing and knowing—and how I use it to apply to everyday life.
People think it's always hyper-spiritual, but I'm just a real person who has real needs and needs bills met every single day.
Just like everyone, once a month, you pay your electric, water, gas, your mortgage, and your car payment; you've got to pay for that stuff unless you're debt-free, which some people are, but most of us aren't.
And so, we have to believe for food.
We have to believe for things.
So, I'm going to show you all that side if you want to watch it.
Some people might not care; they just want to hear the prophetic words and move on.
But some people want to hear how to list on eBay, how my wife does inventory, and creative ideas to get extra wealth—doing things like thrifting, showing you what to buy, what not to buy, and what will sell for extra money.
If you're interested in that and you want to come to our new channel, cool.
The other part of it was the Lord put it on my heart to show you—I thought about making it fun—doing things I like, as I'm a gun enthusiast.
I like guns and shooting and being out on the ranch with my dad and showing the Longhorn cattle and riding on the gator, going fishing, popping fireworks, or whatever.
We have a place where we pop fireworks and camp, doing survival stuff.
I'll show you what to do with your relatives that are left behind, leaving things for them, and showing you silver coins to barter with—which I feel in my spirit.
Now, some of you may want to argue about it, and that's fine, but I'm telling you, I believe we're going to see some things ahead.
I believe with all my heart you need bartering things: bartering food, silver, or maybe some gold little Krugerrands.
I just have ideas the Lord has given me for a blog.
I also wanted to update you on my weight loss.
I've been praying.
There were so many different ideas about what we should be eating: the carnivore diet, the keto diet, Mediterranean keto, all these different things.
The first part of January, detoxing from all the sugar I used to consume was brutal.
I thought I wasn't going to make it through this, but the Lord kept saying, 'You don't have a choice.
You've got to do this.
' So I went into prayer and fasting, started doing intermittent fasting, and started interceding.
One day, the Lord spoke to me—I think it was around January 10th.
He said to me, because I said, 'Lord, I'm doing carnivore and I'm not losing anything.
What's going on?
' I was eating a ton of meat all day long—steak, chicken—I would eat huge plates of meat.
And the Lord spoke to me and said, 'Brandon, it's about calories.
You're eating way too much.
' He said, 'Your body, even if you're on the carnivore diet, cannot burn off all the food that you're consuming.
So, you need to go back to monitoring how many calories you are consuming on a day-to-day basis.
' I started adding up how much steak, chicken, turkey, and meat I was eating, and I realized I was eating a ton of calories.
That's why I wasn't losing weight; my body couldn't burn it all off.
When it's as cold as it has been, I haven't been able to exercise outside, so of course you're not going to lose weight when consuming so much food.
The Lord said, 'I want you to monitor every single day how many calories you are consuming.
' So, I started keeping underneath 1,800 calories.
My wife, my little researcher, found an app that is phenomenal.
It monitors your calories and tells you what you're eating.
You can type in the restaurant, and it shows you exactly what's in it, along with your exercise and how many glasses of water you need every day.
I think it was about 20 dollars apiece.
She's doing it with me to help motivate me and we're doing it together.
She doesn't need to lose any weight, but she's such a blessing helping me log all the drinks and everything I do in a day.
Keeping on track, I've lost 14 pounds in the last three weeks.
To God be the glory; I'm going in the right direction.
It's not always been easy, but I'm drinking my diet shake and logging it.
Instead of what I used to have for a snack, I'm just trying to find ways to make this a journey that's going to last forever, instead of something like a fad diet that I get burned out on as I have in the past.
You lose a lot of weight and then you gain it all back.
I said, 'God, show me how to make this a lifestyle.
Help me.
' I know a lot of people struggle with lifestyle changes that lead to yo-yo dieting, where you lose 100 pounds like I'm after and then gain it all back.
My goal is to have all of my weight off before October.
The app even shows you that if you maintain these calories every single day, seven days a week, you will be at that weight by October.
So, I thought it was really cool.
So, I'm like, let's try it.
I'm down 14 pounds.
So, I just wanted to update y'all on the weight loss and where I'm at with it.
I told you I would.
I didn't want to make it boring by coming out and telling you every single week.
But maybe I'll put that on the blog channel—the other channel I told y'all about.
The channels that we're starting, "Come Thrift With Me," will be about prepping, thrifting, guns, and the fun things.
Like I said, most people don't agree with carrying guns.
Most people don't want to talk about them.
Whatever.
I personally carry a firearm with me wherever I go in this day and age with all these people acting crazy.
People say, "Well, you should use Psalm 91.
" I use both.
I use Psalm 91 and I carry a sword at the same time.
I make sure my wife and my children are protected at all costs.
You know, I believe in my angels, but I also believe in the Second Amendment.
And most people may not like that, but that's fine.
That's between you and God.
For me, I'm a Southerner.
We live in the South, and I was raised with guns my whole life.
My dad—this is the way our hunters were.
We're fishers.
We hunt.
We fish.
We do it all.
That's just the way we are.
And so most people don't like that, but you'll get over it.
I mean, that's just the way it is.
You know, we believe we have a right to defend ourselves and protect our families.
And so, I'll show you about guns and things like that in another channel and about thrifting.
It'll be a fun variety of stuff to watch.
I want to keep this about prayer over here on this platform.
If you want to stay, you can stay over here.
It's going to be about prayer, intercessory prayer.
It's going to be about the prophetic.
It's going to be about everything the Lord gives me, bringing things and talking to you just like it is right now.
But I just felt like I would add some other things because I'm telling you, through the spring, through the summer, going into the fall, there's going to become great suppression over freedom of speech a lot on these platforms.
So, if I was to all of a sudden disappear from this channel, you would know where to find me because I don't know how much longer I can talk freely the way I do like this for what I have seen coming with religious persecution and suppression.
Does that make sense?
Because we are entering into a different time like we've never seen before.
So if you can't find me and this channel's gone, I'll be on the other one and I probably won't come out as bold over there, but at least you know where I am until I can get something more set up so I didn't just disappear.
I'm still around.
My wife just said we don't have any videos over there yet, but I'm making them and I'm fixing to make it right after this.
I have an idea and I'm trying to make it fun.
And no, we're not going anyplace.
No, I'm not shutting this down.
I just want you to hear that.
I'm just trying to do something different on top of it because of what I feel is coming.
I hear way in advance, y'all.
I try not to freak everybody out, but the Lord does talk to me.
You'll know.
The more you get to know me, you'll know.
So, okay, there you go.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for every single person that is represented here.
I plead the blood of Jesus over every family.
I thank you, Father, for the gifts and for the surprises, the finding money, the bills paid off, the blessing and increase, the blessings on these people, that there is a supernatural turn of events coming to their homes.
Father, they come over and help with the other channel and watch how you've blessed me.
Lord, I promise to give you all the glory and all the praise for everything you've ever given me.
Father, it's never me; it's always you.
Father, I want to be at the spout where the glory comes about.
And Father, that the light would shine on our faces, that we would show your glory.
And that, Father, that people would see the manifested presence on our life and that they would want it and they would see it and we would lead them to you because it's always about you.
It's nothing about us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we do die daily to ourselves, but Father in that, we take up the cross and we follow you.
I thank you, Lord, that we become more like you, less of the world and more like Jesus every day.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single person on here.
Every need that they have is met.
That they have that hunger to come after you with all their hearts, minds, souls, and strength.
And I thank you, Father, that a supernatural increase is coming over their marriages, over their children, over their schooling.
A covering—no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We cover a covering of blood around and about them in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper from every area of their life and every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
Every word curse, every satanic witchcraft, all voodoo, spells, incantations, whatever, it does not matter.
It falls at the feet and we plead the blood over us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn those words and they fall to the ground.
You will not bear fruit in our lives at all.
Because greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world, and a thousand shall fall on our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
We plead the blood over every one of us, our children right now and over my wife and over our home.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels that protect us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We bind the spirit of strife out of this house.
We bind any kind of demonic spirit that would try to come in and cause havoc in our home.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around us.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're protected.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, from the top of our car bumper to the back, all the way around the sides, we're covered with angels.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels have their swords and shields drawn, protecting us.
We put on that armor today, God.
And we thank you, Lord, for your armor, God.
You said we have the helmet of salvation.
We have the sword of the spirit.
We have the shield of faith.
We quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
We thank you, Lord, that we're not afraid of the terror of the night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
We're not afraid.
And we call Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 over our homes, that you protect us and you guide us and you have a plan for our life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your word says that your beloved—I wish above all things you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
We thank you, Lord, that you said in 2 Timothy 1:7 that God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
And we call the mind of Christ over our minds right now in the name of Jesus, that we're not tormented by satanic fear.
We're not tormented by demonic forces.
We thank you, Lord, because we have that mind of Christ.
For perfect love casteth out all fear.
And we use the love of God to cast out that fear because my Father loves me and he loves you and he doesn't want you to walk in fear.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that love is made perfect in us, that we realize how much you love us.
You're a good God.
You're faithful.
And we thank you, Lord, for your hedge of blood and protection around about us at all times in these last days.
Lord, we thank you that you come quickly for us.
You come quickly, Lord.
We want to go home to be with you in the rapture of the church.
Jesus, come quickly.
Let us get done what we need to get done.
And let us do it with boldness and with great victory for you in your name.
In Jesus's name, we do it with all our hearts, mind, soul, and strength in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Okay.
Well, where's my little bell?
Here's my pillow.
Here's my subscribe button.
Please subscribe to the channel.
And here's my like.
Give us a thumbs up today.
Give a thumbs up.
And where's my bell?
I love my little bell.
Here's my bell.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you next time or even on the other channel.
Y'all have a blessed day and we will see you later.
Bye-bye.